In this assignment, you are required to develop a program that utilizes regular expressions to 
search for patterns with special characters or repetitions in a given text. Regular expressions 
are a powerful tool for pattern matching in strings and can handle complex patterns efficiently.
Your algorithm should find all positions where the pattern is found.
How to Deliver
• Your solution should contain
- Compilable (and afterwards runnable) source file(s) of your implementation.
- Readme file containing details of how your solution can be run: preparing the 
environment to run your program, location of makefiles, etc.
- You should convince the examiner, best in a concise and clear manner, that your 
solution does the job. That should be based on two things:
➢ An explanation: justifying the selection of the string-matching algorithm in a 
separate file. However, a lengthy discussion of the principles of the selected 
string-matching algorithm is not needed. Concentrate on your solution and 
highlight the special points of the code. Salient comments in the source code 
may also help. However, a general explanation should be in the file, not part of 
the comments. 
➢ Test-data: Convince the examiner by preparing some test runs. Provide 
instructions as to how to execute the tests. As a suggestion: make a small 
number of tests. Therefore, provide n pairs of Pattern and Text, for instance 
pattern1.txt, text1.txt, pattern2.txt, text2.txt etc. and produce files 
patternmatch1.output, patternmatch2.output. Make meaningful test cases.
- Your solution should work for a random text and a pattern given by the 
examiners.
• You should upload a Zip file with your solution. It is important that you use your 
index number to name the zip file.
Plagiarism 
All programming work must be your own. All forms of plagiarism and cheating (for example 
downloading programs directly from the internet or copying from another student) are regarded 
seriously and could result in heavy penalties including failure in the assignment. Under certain 
circumstances some students may be called for a viva